ONCE upon a time there were Three Bears, who lived together in a house of their own, in a wood. One of them was a Little, Small, Wee Bear; and one was a Middle-sized Bear, and the other was a Great, Huge Bear. They each had a pot for their porridge, a little pot for the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and a middle-sized pot for the Middle Bear, and a great pot for the Great, Huge Bear. And they each had a chair to sit in; a little chair for the Little, Small, Wee Bear; and a middle-sized chair for the Middle Bear; and a great chair for the Great, Huge Bear. And they each had a bed to sleep in; a little bed for the Little, Small, Wee Bear; and a middle-sized bed for the Middle Bear; and a great bed for the Great, Huge Bear.

One day, after they had made the porridge for their breakfast, and poured it into their porridge-pots, they walked out into the wood while the porridge was cooling, that they might not burn their mouths, by beginning too soon to eat it. And while they were walking, a little old Woman came to the house. She could not have been a good, honest old Woman; for first she looked in at the window, and then she peeped in at the keyhole; and seeing nobody in the house, she lifted the latch. The door was not fastened, because the Bears were good Bears, who did nobody any harm, and never suspected that anybody would harm them. So the little old Woman opened the door, and went in; and well pleased she was when she saw the porridge on the table. If she had been a good little old Woman, she would have waited till the Bears came home, and then, perhaps, they would have asked her to breakfast; for they were good Bears--a little rough or so, as the manner of Bears is, but for all that very good-natured and hospitable. But she was an impudent, bad old Woman, and set about helping herself.

So first she tasted the porridge of the Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hot for her; and she said a bad word about that. And then she tasted the porridge of the Middle Bear, and that was too cold for her; and she said a bad word about that, too. And then she went to the porridge of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and tasted that; and that was neither too hot nor too cold, but just right; and she liked it so well that she ate it all up: but the naughty old Woman said a bad word about the little porridge-pot, because it did not hold enough for her.

Then the little old Woman sate down in the chair of the Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hard for her. And then she sate down in the chair of the Middle Bear, and that was too soft for her. And then she sate down in the chair of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was neither too hard, nor too soft, but just right. So she seated herself in it, and there she sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down she came, plump upon the ground. And the naughty old Woman said a wicked word about that, too.

Then the little old Woman went upstairs into the bed-chamber in which the three Bears slept. And first she lay down upon the bed of the Great, Huge Bear; but that was too high at the head for her. And next she lay down upon the bed of the Middle Bear, and that was too high at the foot for her. And then she lay down upon the bed of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was neither too high at the head nor at the foot, but just right. So she covered herself up comfortably, and lay there till she fell fast asleep.

By this time the Three Bears thought their porridge would be cool enough, so they came home to breakfast. Now the little old Woman had left the spoon of the Great, Huge Bear, standing in his porridge.

'Somebody has been at my porridge!'

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. And when the Middle Bear looked at his, he saw that the spoon was standing in it, too. They were wooden spoons; if they had been silver ones, the naughty old Woman would have put them in her pocket.

'Somebody has been at my porridge!'

said the Middle Bear in his middle voice.

Then the Little, Small, Wee Bear looked at his, and there was the spoon in the porridge-pot, but the porridge was all gone.

'Somebody has been at my porridge, and has eaten it all up!'

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee voice.

Upon this the Three Bears, seeing that someone had entered their house, and eaten up the Little, Small, Wee Bear's breakfast, began to look about them. Now the little old Woman had not put the hard cushion straight when she rose from the chair of the Great, Huge Bear.

'Somebody has been sitting in my chair!'

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice.

And the little old Woman had squatted down the soft cushion of the Middle Bear.

'Somebody has been sitting in my chair!'

said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice.

And you know what the little old Woman had done to the third chair.

'Somebody has been sitting in my chair and has sate the bottom out of it!'

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee voice.

Then the three Bears thought it necessary that they should make further search; so they went upstairs into their bed-chamber. Now the little old Woman had pulled the pillow of the Great, Huge Bear out of its place.

'Somebody has been lying in my bed!'

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice.

And the little old Woman had pulled the bolster of the Middle Bear out of its place.

'Somebody has been lying in my bed!'

said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice.

And when the Little, Small, Wee Bear came to look at his bed, there was the bolster in its right place, and the pillow in its place upon the bolster; and upon the pillow was the little old Woman's ugly, dirty head--which was not in its place, for she had no business there.

'Somebody has been lying in my bed--and here she is!'

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee voice.

The little old Woman had heard in her sleep the great, rough, gruff voice of the Great, Huge Bear; but she was so fast asleep that it was no more to her than the roaring of wind or the rumbling of thunder. And she had heard the middle voice of the Middle Bear, but it was only as if she had heard someone speaking in a dream. But when she heard the little, small, wee voice of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, it was so sharp, and so shrill, that it awakened her at once. Up she started; and when she saw the Three Bears on one side of the bed, she tumbled herself out at the other, and ran to the window. Now the window was open, because the Bears, like good, tidy Bears as they were, always opened their bed-chamber window when they got up in the morning. Out the little old Woman jumped; and whether she broke her neck in the fall; or ran into the wood and was lost there; or found her way out of the wood, and was taken up by the constable and sent to the House of Correction for a vagrant as she was, I cannot tell. But the Three Bears never saw anything more of her.

Once upon a time, there lived a poor widow and her only son, Jack. One morning, Jack’s mother told him to take their cow to market and sell her, for they had no money left. On the way, Jack met a curious old man who offered him five magic beans in exchange for the cow. The man swore they would bring Jack great fortune. Trusting the promise, Jack handed over the cow and ran home with his prize.

But when Jack’s mother saw the beans, she was furious. “You foolish boy!” she cried. “You’ve traded our only cow for a handful of nonsense!” In a fit of anger, she tossed the beans out the window. Jack went to bed heartbroken and hungry.

When dawn broke, Jack looked out the window—and gasped. Overnight, the beans had sprouted into a towering beanstalk that reached all the way to the clouds! Trembling with wonder, he began to climb, higher and higher, until he reached a strange kingdom in the sky.

In a massive stone house, Jack met the wife of a fearsome giant. “Please,” Jack begged, “may I have a little food? I’ve climbed so far and I’m starving.” The kind woman gave him bread and milk.

But just then, the ground began to quake. The giant was coming home! Jack darted behind the stove as the monstrous voice bellowed through the hall:

“Fee, fi, fo, fum,
I smell the blood of an Englishman!
Be he alive or be he dead,
I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!”

“Don’t be silly,” said his wife. “There’s no boy here.” The giant grumbled but sat down to eat. After his meal, he opened a sack bursting with gold coins, counted them carefully, and fell asleep. Seizing his chance, Jack crept out, stole a sack of gold, and scrambled down the beanstalk. His mother wept with joy—they could live well for a time.

Yet greed and curiosity soon returned. Jack climbed the beanstalk again, back to the giant’s house. Once more, the giant’s wife pitied him and gave him food. But before Jack could finish, the thunderous footsteps shook the floor again. The giant burst in, roaring:

“Fee, fi, fo, fum,
I smell the blood of an Englishman!
Be he alive or be he dead,
I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!”

Again, his wife soothed him, and he ate until he was full. Then he brought out a hen and barked, “Lay!” To Jack’s amazement, the hen laid a golden egg. When the giant fell asleep, Jack snatched the hen and hurried down the beanstalk. His mother was delighted—but warned him never to climb again.

Days later, Jack’s daring nature got the better of him. He climbed once more to the castle in the clouds. The giant’s wife, though wary, gave him food again. But before long, the giant stomped through the door, growling:

“Fee, fi, fo, fum,
I smell the blood of an Englishman!
Be he alive or be he dead,
I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!”

“Don’t be ridiculous!” said his wife, though her eyes flickered toward Jack’s hiding place.

That night, while the giant snored, Jack crept into his chamber and saw a golden harp that played music by itself. He reached out, but the harp suddenly cried, “Help, master! A boy is stealing me!” The giant awoke with a roar and gave chase. Jack fled down the beanstalk, the harp clutched in his arms.

As Jack’s boots hit the ground, he shouted to his mother, “Bring me the axe!” He seized it and swung with all his might, chopping at the beanstalk. Wood splintered and vines tore until the enormous stalk cracked in two. With a final thunderous crash, the giant plunged from the sky—dead where he fell.

From that day on, Jack and his mother lived in comfort and peace, their hearts full of gratitude and awe for the strange adventure that had changed their lives forever.

Isaiah 9:6
6 For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders. And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.

Romans 12:12
12 Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.

Philippians 1:6
6 being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.

US seizes tanker off coast of Venezuela, Trump says
The U.S. Coast Guard conducted the seizure, sources said.

ByLalee Ibssa and Luis Martinez
December 10, 2025, 4:16 PM

President Trump announces seizure of Venezuelan oil tankerRetired Lt. Col. Rachel VanLandingham discusses the implications of the seizure, which she said ratchets up the tensions between the United States and Venezuela.

The U.S. has seized a tanker off the coast of Venezuela, President Donald Trump announced on Wednesday, amid escalating tensions between the administration and the South American nation.

"It's been a very interesting day, from the standpoint of news. As you probably know, we've just seized a tanker on the coast of Venezuela," Trump said as he kicked off a roundtable event at the White House.

"Large tanker, very large, largest one ever seized, actually. And other things are happening, so you'll be seeing that later and you'll be talking about that later with some other people," Trump continued.

President Donald Trump speaks during a roundtable discussion in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, December 10, 2025.
Jonathan Ernst/Reuters

The oil tanker that was seized is referred to as a VLCC, or Very Large Crude Carrier, two sources told ABC News. VLCC's are large oil tankers and can carry up to around 2 million barrels of oil.

The vessel was bound for Cuba, the sources said. The U.S. Coast Guard conducted the seizure, according to two sources.

Trump stayed mum when pressed for more details on the tanker during the roundtable event, but claimed it happened for "very good reason" and that photos would be released later.

When asked what happens to the oil on the ship, Trump said that the U.S. will likely keep it. Pressed further on who owns the tanker, Trump declined to respond.

Venezuela has the largest known oil reserves in the world, and oil exports are the government’s main source of revenue.

The U.S. hadn't overtly interfered in oil exports during its pressure campaign on Venezuela and President Nicolas Maduro's regime until now.

This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.

Nobel Peace Prize winner's daughter accepts award on her behalf
7 hours ago

Vanessa Buschschlüter
Latin America editor, BBC News Online

María Corina Machado's daughter accepts Nobel Peace Prize on her behalf
A daughter of María Corina Machado, winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize, has said her mother is determined to live in a free Venezuela and will "never give up" as she accepted her mother's award in Oslo.

Just before the ceremony, the Venezuelan opposition leader, who has been in hiding, sent a voice message saying she was "safe" and on her way to the Norwegian capital, but would not make it to the ceremony at the City Hall in time.

Ana Corina Sosa accepted the award on her behalf and delivered a lecture written by her mother.

The Nobel Institute awarded Machado the prize for "her struggle to achieve a just and peaceful transition from dictatorship to democracy" in Venezuela.

The opposition leader's daughter started off by speaking of the personal impact of not being able to see her mother for two years.

Machado went into hiding shortly after Venezuela's disputed presidential election in July 2024.

Ms Sosa told the audience: "And as I wait [for] that moment to hug her, to kiss her, to embrace her, after two years, I think of the other daughters and sons who do not get to see their mothers."

She then read the speech, telling the audience that Venezuelans "will hug again, fall in love again, hear our streets fill with laughter and music".

Ms Sosa added: "All the simple joys the world takes for granted will be ours.

"Because in the end, our journey towards freedom has always lived inside us. We are returning to ourselves. We are returning home."

María Corina Machado was last seen in public at a protest on 9 January
The audience in City Hall, which included members of Norway's royal family, gave Ms Sosa a long round of applause and a standing ovation.

There had been much speculation about whether Machado would be able to defy a travel ban to attend the ceremony. In an audio recording shared by the Nobel Institute, she said: "I will be in Oslo, I am on my way."

However, the director of the institute, Kristian Berg Harpviken, said Machado was expected to arrive "sometime between this evening and tomorrow morning" - too late for the ceremony.

Earlier on Wednesday, the institute had said they were in the dark about her whereabouts, triggering concern among supporters.

As well as her daughter Ana, Machado's two other children, her mother and her three sisters are all in Oslo waiting to be reunited with her.

The last time she was seen in public was on 9 January when she spoke to her supporters at a rally protesting against the swearing-in of Nicolás Maduro to a third term as president.

The elections were widely dismissed both by the opposition in Venezuela and on the international stage as rigged, and sparked protests across the country.

Around 2,000 people were arrested in the crackdown which followed, among them many members of her opposition coalition.

Machado, who had managed to unite the bitterly divided opposition ahead of the election, went into hiding for fear of arrest.

She continued to give interviews and uploaded videos to social media urging her followers not to give up.

Her Nobel Peace Prize win galvanised supporters and triggered immediate speculation as to whether she would be able to travel to Oslo.

Total secrecy has surrounded her travel plans and it is not known how she managed to leave her place of hiding or by what means she has reached Europe.

Speaking before she left Venezuela, Machado she told Norwegian public broadcaster NRK: "I want to assure every single Venezuelan that I will be back."

Siblings Ana Corina Sosa and Ricardo Sosa Machado watched from a balcony as a procession in honour of their mother passed by the Grand Hotel in Oslo
On the streets of the capital Caracas, though, there were some who worried that it might not be easy for her to get back into Venezuela.

Maria, 66, told the BBC she feared that without Machado, her supporters would be "left unprotected".

"The problem for her will be returning later," María explained, adding that her own grandchildren were outside the country "precisely because of the problems we have".

When the Nobel Committee awarded her the peace prize, it highlighted her "civilian courage", noting that "despite serious threats against her life" she had remained in the country, a choice which the committee said "inspired millions".

Carlos, 49, said he hoped Machado would return after visiting Norway.

"I think it's better for her to be here, inside. Since everyone has left and hasn't done anything. It's best for her to be here inside Venezuela," he said, criticising opposition leaders who have gone into exile.

Machado's Nobel Peace Prize comes at a time of high tension between Maduro and the United States.

The US has deployed warships to international waters off Venezuela and Donald Trump has been ramping up pressure on Maduro, reportedly giving him an ultimatum to leave Venezuela.

The US has also been carrying out strikes on boats in the Caribbean, accusing the alleged traffickers who are piloting them of trying to carry drugs from Venezuela to the US. Dozens of people have been killed in the controversial months-long campaign.

After Machado was told that she had won the peace prize back in October, she spoke on the phone to Trump, who has made no secret of wanting to win the accolade himself.

Machado told the BBC that in the call she stressed "how grateful the Venezuelan people are for what he's doing, not only in the Americas, but around the world for peace, for freedom, for democracy".

Quizzed about the call by reporters, Trump said that "I've been helping her along the way" and described Machado as "very nice".

Machado also appeared to back the US strikes on boats in the Caribbean - the legality of which has been questioned by experts on international law. She told the BBC that "when you cut the inflows that come from drug trafficking, gold smuggling, arms smuggling, human trafficking, or the black market of oil, then the regime falls".

U.S.
Erika Kirk's message to people who celebrated husband Charlie's assassination: "You're sick"
December 10, 2025 / 5:29 PM EST / CBS News

Erika Kirk has a message for people who sought to justify the assassination of her late husband, Charlie Kirk: "You're sick."

"He's a human being," she said in a CBS News town hall, airing Saturday on CBS. "You think he deserved that? Tell that to my 3-year-old daughter."

She continued: "You want to watch in high-res the video of my husband being murdered, and laugh, and say he deserves it? There's something very sick in your soul, and I'm praying that God saves you," she said, adding that the internet has "dehumanized" people.

The town hall, moderated by CBS News editor-in-chief Bari Weiss, featured questions from an invited audience. Kirk reacted to the rise of political violence, weighed in on conspiracy theories that swirled around her husband's death and reflected on the stunning moment that she forgave his killer.

Kirk also talked about the Sabbath, which is the focus of Charlie's final book, "Stop, in the Name of God: Why Honoring the Sabbath Will Transform Your Life," released this week. 

Watch the one-hour town hall Saturday at 8 p.m. ET/CT on CBS. An extended version of the conversation will air on CBS News 24/7 on Sunday at 9 a.m., 3 p.m., 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET, and will be available on CBS News' YouTube channel. 

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog

Baa, baa, black sheep,
Have you any wool?
Yes sir, yes sir,
Three bags full.
One for the master,
One for the dame,
And one for the little boy
Who lives down the lane

Twinkle, twinkle, little star,
How I wonder what you are.
Up above the world so high,
Like a diamond in the sky.

When the blazing sun is gone,
When he nothing shines upon,
Then you show your little light,
Twinkle, twinkle, all the night.

Then the traveller in the dark,
Thanks you for your tiny spark,
He could not see which way to go,
If you did not twinkle so.

In the dark blue sky you keep,
And often through my curtains peep,
For you never shut your eye,
‘Till the sun is in the sky.

As your bright and tiny spark,
Lights the traveller in the dark.
Though I know not what you are,
Twinkle, twinkle, little star.

Twinkle, twinkle, little star.
How I wonder what you are.
Up above the world so high,
Like a diamond in the sky.

Twinkle, twinkle, little star.
How I wonder what you are.
How I wonder what you are.

print("Hello, World!")

num1 = 5
num2 = 10
sum_result = num1 + num2
print(f"The sum of {num1} and {num2} is: {sum_result}")

num = 7
if num % 2 == 0:
    print(f"{num} is an even number.")
else:
    print(f"{num} is an odd number.")

my_list = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
my_list.append(6)  # Add an element
print(my_list[0])  # Access an element

my_dict = {"name": "Alice", "age": 30}
print(my_dict["name"])
my_dict["city"] = "New York"

for i in range(5):
    print(i)

count = 0
while count < 3:
    print(count)
    count += 1

def greet(name):
    return f"Hello, {name}!"

message = greet("Bob")
print(message)  

Computer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For the consumer oriented device which is also usually just called a computer, see Personal computer.
For other uses, see Computer (disambiguation).

A computer is a machine that can be programmed to automatically carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations (computation). Modern digital electronic computers can perform generic sets of operations known as programs, which enable computers to perform a wide range of tasks. The term computer system may refer to a nominally complete computer that includes the hardware, operating system, software, and peripheral equipment needed and used for full operation; or to a group of computers that are linked and function together, such as a computer network or computer cluster.

A broad range of industrial and consumer products use computers as control systems, including simple special-purpose devices like microwave ovens and remote controls, and factory devices like industrial robots. Computers are at the core of general-purpose devices such as personal computers and mobile devices such as smartphones. Computers power the Internet, which links billions of computers and users.

Early computers were meant to be used only for calculations. Simple manual instruments like the abacus have aided people in doing calculations since ancient times. Early in the Industrial Revolution, some mechanical devices were built to automate long, tedious tasks, such as guiding patterns for looms. More sophisticated electrical machines did specialized analog calculations in the early 20th century. The first digital electronic calculating machines were developed during World War II, both electromechanical and using thermionic valves. The first semiconductor transistors in the late 1940s were followed by the silicon-based MOSFET (MOS transistor) and monolithic integrated circuit chip technologies in the late 1950s, leading to the microprocessor and the microcomputer revolution in the 1970s. The speed, power, and versatility of computers have been increasing dramatically ever since then, with transistor counts increasing at a rapid pace (Moore's law noted that counts doubled every two years), leading to the Digital Revolution during the late 20th and early 21st centuries.

Conventionally, a modern computer consists of at least one processing element, typically a central processing unit (CPU) in the form of a microprocessor, together with some type of computer memory, typically semiconductor memory chips. The processing element carries out arithmetic and logical operations, and a sequencing and control unit can change the order of operations in response to stored information. Peripheral devices include input devices (keyboards, mice, joysticks, etc.), output devices (monitors, printers, etc.), and input/output devices that perform both functions (e.g. touchscreens). Peripheral devices allow information to be retrieved from an external source, and they enable the results of operations to be saved and retrieved.
